---
title: Dave Taylor, Curriculum Vitae
layout: cv
---

Dave Taylor, Curriculum Vitae
===========

 - t: 0754 081 7008     		
 - address: 87 Lewin Road, London, SW16 6JX 
 - w: http://the-taylors.org 		
 - linkedIn: http://uk.linkedin.com/in/davidtaylorlondon 
 - t: http://twitter.com/davetayls		
 - github: http://github.com/davetayls

I am a disciplined and passionate front-end web developer with over nine years
experience.  I listen, make good judgements on the approach and get things done
on time. I make use of the latest technologies to produce user-centric,
cross-browser, HTML (4/5) / CSS (2/3) websites progressively enhanced using
JavaScript.  

I get a real buzz working at the forefront of my field researching
new developments as they emerge and contributing to the developer community.  I
have extensive experience working with JavaScript from architecture to hand
coding and working with open source  library jQuery.

Experience
----------
### Aqueduct
July 2009 to Present
Senior Front-End Developer


(Creative Agency Specialising in Brand, Advertising, Digital and Design) 

Clerkenwell, London

I was employed by Aqueduct to build a Front-End development team where previously freelancers where used. Tasked with setting standards, overseeing code quality and putting these in to practice. With my background in design and back-end experience, I am the linchpin between the back end team, design team and front-end team. Understanding the relationships between each, I enable them work more effectively together. I now lead a team consisting of one in-house mid-weight developer and external contractors. Here are some key achievements from this role:
Lloyd's of London website at www.lloyds.com. This project spanned the corporate website and the migration of five in house web applications.
British Red Cross corporate (www.redcross.org.uk) and Red Cross Training sites.
Architecture and coding standards for Aqueduct's  web projects.
The FA Just Play website (justplay.thefa.com).
Feedback from my team: David is a team player and always thrives to improve himself and the team’s output as a whole, he influences people without being pedant and is always full of new ideas; he is pragmatic, skilful and has great attention to detail, he has the same goal as the rest of the team which is to deliver work we are proud of.

### Qdos Computer Consultants

Feb 2005 to July 2009
Web Designer / Developer
 
Croydon, Surrey 

Head of design and front-end. I worked within a team to accomplish web based application projects, corporate websites, e-commerce solutions, branding services, print design for charities and SMEs.
Produced AJAX driven SharePoint applications for international communications company Freud Communications (www.freud.com).
Head of design and front-end on ClearBUILD© considered by a panel of industry specialists at the InterBuild 2007 building show to be the second most innovative product of 2007. 
Usability and interface design on training needs web-application for petro-chemicals company (Petro Canada) .

### Mime Graphics
July 2002 to Feb 2005
(Owner/Partner)

Croydon, Surrey

I began working as a designer in a partnership after college with the view to building a strong portfolio of work.
Account management and client relationship building from SME.
Time management
Experience in pre-press and dealing with printers both lithographic and digital.

Industry Recognition
--- 
 - Sitecore, Site of the Year Award for The FA, Just Play
 - jQuery Kinetic plugin featured in on-line magazines

Technical Skills
---

I have a good level of experience across the main web technologies. I also am
experienced in testing and continuous integration setup and practices.

 - Hand coded JavaScript (jsLinted), jQuery, jQuery Plugins, unit testing with Jasmine/QUnit, AMD, RequireJs
 - XHTML 4.0 Strict, (X)HTML 5, written by hand using well thought out semantics, written to be integrated within CMS systems
 - CSS 2/3, Written by hand, built for responsive layouts, mobile devices, screen and print
 - Selenium, XML
 - Methodologies: Agile: Scrum, Kanban
 - Source Control: Subversion, Git, Visual Source Safe
 - Continuous Integration: nAnt, CruiseControl.net, Jenkins

Qualifications
---

 - Master CIW Designer (2006): CIW Certified Internet Web Professional Program. www.ciwcertified.com 
 - BTEC Diploma, Foundation Studies in Art and Design (2001):
 - London College of Printing (School of Graphic Design)
 - A Levels in Computing (A), Electronics (A), Art (C) (2000): John Ruskin Sixth Form College



